GSoC application docs for LocalStack (#1)
localstack/community: mentorships/google-summer-of-code/gsoc-2022/IDEAS.md

#### Resources

- [LocalStack](https://github.com/localstack/localstack)
- [LocalStack CLI](https://docs.localstack.cloud/get-started/#localstack-cli)
- [LocalStack package](https://pypi.org/project/localstack/)

### Idea: Hybrid Cloud Setups with LocalStack

#### Abstract

Connecting local development environments to real cloud resources via hybrid setups.

| Category              | Rating                                                                     |
| --------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Type                  | Peripheral/Core Development                                                |
| Size                  | Large                                                                      |
| Preferred contributor | Student/Professional                                                       |
| Mentors               | [@whummer](https://github.com/whummer), [@thrau](https://github.com/thrau) |
| Skills                | Python, Docker, AWS                                                        |

#### Description

> Localstack provides a cloud-like environment that can be used for development and testing without needing the actual cloud available. However we are looking into the options of connecting our local development & testing environments to real cloud resources using hybrid setups.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
LocalStack provides a cloud-like environment that can be used for development and testing without needing the actual cloud available. However we are looking into the options of connecting our local development & testing environments to real cloud resources using hybrid setups.
```

> The project would entail creating proxy mechanisms for some key services (e.g., DynamoDB, S3), to allow a “local view” of a subset of the data contained in the real cloud resource. The project would also involvement of critical authentication mechanisms - which credentials to use, how to configure them securely and more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The project would entail creating proxy mechanisms for some key services (e.g., DynamoDB, S3, SQS), to allow a “local view” of a subset of the data contained in the real cloud resource. The project would also involve finding a mechanism for managing authentication - which credentials to use, how to configure them securely, and more.
```
